in this lesson we will create a name but
wedding invitations with
the remaining likes
this is the front side invitation this
inverse
to create an invitation to us
will need pictures of the groom and
brides made in profile is desirable
light background
separate our bride from the background
take a magic wand
deliver hotel options once
tolerance value 10
glue camp in favor
the tolerance parameter must be set
so to wipe the contour of the wind force
if in the drop area misses
documents on adjacent to the village
this value is increasing
still criticized amid
why make shift key
and we lose the rest
fragments he
if there are areas in the silhouette
then the tolerance should be reduced
division round players open the select tab
select invert select
we have highlighted the whole
we select select modification of sums
warehousing choose born 15
pixel makey
we have smoothed out the letters
cancel the last action
return and select
modification to all
pick born 5
bunks
seen in dubai
create a new fill layer
choose a color for her
our color
ten
better pipette
here's the cue
when highlighted in many layers
choose a bucket
and fill the silhouette
remove selection select d select
open the preparation of our invitation
and dragging the resulting silhouette onto it
find found in this
and decrease the parameter will visit
transparency
go to the tab will convince
editing with transform
hold down the shift key
and although the Germans corner
to keep the proportions
customize the size of the silhouettes to achieve
here's a hero so that the boss coincided
we press inter
we increase images
to make sure it matched the neck
choose gum
usa narrow edges transparency to one hundred
percent
we quote too much
return our layer transparency on
one hundred percent
take photos to the groom
magic wand
we click the ceiling
with a tolerance value of 20
shift keys pressed
select the remaining fragments he
allotment
invest
smoothing modification
sing pixel
create a new layer
take a bucket
fill the color we have already created
remove the allocation of 7 years before
drag the security forces are not han
to the invitation
go edit
freedom to transform
hold down the shift key
and although the Germans corner
we adjust according to the bust
and not to lead
slightly turn
to our fiance layer
reduce transparency
we expose the edges of the neck and bust
we take gum hard edges
transparent one hundred percent
superfluous systems
return layer transparency
one hundred percent
to embellish wearing a place
open the flower layer eye
and just move it
at will it is possible to reduce or
to increase
all layers including silhouettes and busts
Groom with the bride we allocate holding
shift key
of customers
pushing the counter yen
to first our merged layer
now rarely the folder is backward
side
open the eye of kupap
and dragged copies of our slot under
text
this is the reverse side this is the front close
classic
collapse the folder
on the back choose your
family secrets and reduce
transparency then fifteen percent
go edit
free transformation
right-click ambassadors and
choose to rotate horizontally
Now when printing, the invitation is reversed
side will display footprint
silhouettes on the front side
Wednesday more active mb text invitation i
I'm sure you can handle it
by myself
using our ancestors posted
additional materials
save the reverse side
save files as
file name
the invitation is reversed
choose the jack jack format
choosing the right folder to save
save
vodka
close the folder with the back side
open the front side
save
facial invitation
jeep project
save
vodka
features printing such invitations I
dedicate another